Now post request is something you can try.
Like this one, we have to execute the call.
For example, here we can use the excuse.
Some has to take a library to send this user enter data to back it.
That would be a post request.
All right.
So we will be receiving that data and that data will be processed by this function.
So you can see this post function get funds.
They always take two arguments.
The first argument is the path you are out and then second argument is a function.
You can see this is out of function.
It has access to the express request and response object and they those objects have a lot of function.
So you can see a response to this.
This one is one of the functionalities that is accessible.
Using this one so requested response, we have access to the object.
And you can see here one of those objects gives us this decent function which is used to send the decent
up.
Now there are much more we will be exploring later.
Out on the bush.
Also, you can see we have the two elements to this push function.
First argument is the euro.
But second argument is the function.
Now this function I put in a controller and I imported like this one.
All right.
Why did I do that?
I could write everything here, just like this one.
And see, this is the second argument is the arrow function.
So I could write whatever code is in this function.
I could write like this one in line here.
But that would make this file really big and it would be hard madness.
So that's why we organize the code using these functions, putting them in a controller.
All right.
So otherwise I could just write everything here like this.
So basically, you get the end point and you process that request to you.
So let's see what we have here.
For example, sign when you want to register the user.
Let's see what is happening here and that is in the controller slash office file.
So you can see here again, we have some inputs.
We have the user model.
We have some libraries that will.
Give us the ability to generate the JSON with token.
We have this some functions written helper file two has the password and compare the password.
So you never say the plain password in the database.
So you have to has and save in the database and compare password will be used to compare the password
when we try to log in.
All right.
So you can see we have the sign of function.
We are receiving all this data from request body.
So when you send the information, name, email and password that will be received as request body.
So all this data we should be able to receive as a request memory and then we take if we don't have
the name, we can send some error messages.
Same with the email, same with the password.
If you don't have we can tend to error message.
But if everything is good and we try to find again if a user already exists in the database, if it
exists, then we have to send error message.
Otherwise we has the password, create a new user generated token and then send the response.
And that response will include the user that is newly created and saved in the database along with the
additional token.
Now all this court will go through over and over again when we try to sign up.
So I would be console.log a few times in showing you our explaining everything to you, but at the moment
you understand the overall structure of our application.
All right.
So don't get confused.
If it is overwhelming, I can understand.
But later, more and more out.
We will be writing ourself and we will be creating the controller functions ourself.
So at that time, once you do it a few times, you will be extremely comfortable.
All right.
So let's not spend too much time on this one, because if we go further, it might just make you further
confused.
So instead we try to make request to sign up, we try some console.log.
So let's see how the data is received from the client.
Do so and then how we process here.
All right, so we'll be going through this many more times.
We'll be explaining quite a lot as well.
Otherwise it's pretty much it.
Let me quickly.
So these two files here to use a model is also here.
So models are basically used to define what properties can be saved in the database.
You don't want to save anything that is sent from the client.
You'd never know what sort of data is being received.
So you want to make sure you only save an email name, email, password, role, and if it's anything
else, even if that is received, we're not saving in the database.
I guess basically that's what this scheme does.
And another thing is this is schema.
You can see it, it is we're using the model function from the mongoose.
It's basically creating the user model.
So models, what they do is they are like a gateway to the database.
So based on this model, you can query, find out certain things, certain user from the database,
retrieve from the database, update the information on that.
So think of it as a gateway.
So is either of these models will be saved in the database as a collection, you should be able to access
that a read update, delete all that.
Okay.
So basically that's what they do.
You based on your schema, you create a model that's we will also be covering all this when we create
our self more models later.
Okay.
And then at these functions I wrote to has the password and compare the password, you can take them
out in helpers auth.
So has the password.
We use the big group library to generate the salt.
Basically salt means the strength of the Hasson.
All right.
And then we this factored request the password, plain password as argument.
So we get that we has that and that is the one that is richer.
All right.
So that's how we has the password.
And to compare the password to be grouped, this gives us this compare function and this function takes
to argument the plain password in the hash version, which should be coming from the database.
And then we both compare if they compare comparison and if the same, it will return to otherwise false.
So that's how we compare the password and all the user to log in.
All this we will be going through as we progress with the course.
I guess in the next lecture we can try making a request to sign up, see how the data is received in
the request body.
And we'll go through this one more time just to make sure everything is clearly understood.